load <- call
load <- call
call <- trunc
trunc <- call
load <- call
load <- call
call <- store
call <- icmp
icmp <- br
call <- sub
load <- sub
sub <- sub
icmp <- br
sub <- call
load <- call
alloca <- getelementptr
alloca <- getelementptr
getelementptr <- store
getelementptr <- store
getelementptr <- store
getelementptr <- store
getelementptr <- store
icmp <- and
add <- getelementptr
icmp <- br
icmp <- br
add <- getelementptr
icmp <- br
and <- br
icmp <- br
add <- phi
getelementptr <- load
load <- icmp
icmp <- zext
zext <- phi
getelementptr <- load
load <- icmp
icmp <- zext
zext <- add
add <- add
getelementptr <- load
load <- icmp
icmp <- zext
zext <- add
add <- phi
zext <- add
add <- and
getelementptr <- load
load <- icmp
icmp <- select
icmp <- select
and <- icmp
icmp <- select
select <- zext
zext <- store
getelementptr <- store
add <- icmp
icmp <- br
add <- phi
getelementptr <- load
load <- icmp
icmp <- zext
zext <- add
add <- phi
getelementptr <- load
load <- icmp
icmp <- phi
getelementptr <- load
load <- icmp
icmp <- zext
zext <- add
add <- phi
icmp <- br
getelementptr <- load
load <- icmp
icmp <- zext
zext <- add
add <- phi
icmp <- br
and <- br
add <- getelementptr
getelementptr <- load
load <- icmp
icmp <- zext
zext <- add
add <- phi
add <- phi
getelementptr <- load
load <- icmp
icmp <- zext
zext <- add
add <- phi
add <- getelementptr
getelementptr <- load
load <- icmp
icmp <- zext
zext <- phi
add <- phi
lshr <- zext
zext <- getelementptr
lshr <- zext
zext <- getelementptr
getelementptr <- load
load <- icmp
icmp <- select
select <- call
icmp <- br
icmp <- br
lshr <- trunc
trunc <- call
lshr <- trunc
trunc <- call
lshr <- trunc
trunc <- call
trunc <- call
load <- call
load <- call
call <- store
add <- icmp
icmp <- br
add <- icmp
icmp <- br
add <- icmp
icmp <- br
load <- call
load <- call
